# Solina Vintage &amp; Second Hand E-commerce app

This is a sample app in finnish language that demostrates an E-commerce website using the MERN stack. The application displays products from local data files. All the product images have been generated by AI and some of the product descriptions too. Some of the UI features were built by the help of [Lama Dev React E-commerce UI Design YouTube tutorial.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c1xTDSIXit8&t=9667s)

Some of the functionalities users can do on this app are:

- Click the products to examine details about them and add the to the shopping cart.
- Filter and sort products on the products page.
- Register and log in to this page and this information is sent to the MongoDB database.
- If you log in to the page, you can put products to the shopping cart and they will remain there after realoading,
  as the cart items are then sent to the MongoDB database.

The payment form is not functional as there is no possibility to actually buy products from this page.

# Live Demonstration

The E-commerce live version can be [viewed from here.](https://solinavintage.onrender.com/)

## How to install this E-commerce app

To get started you can clone this repository and install the dependencies.

Clone the repository using git:

Install dependencies with this command:

Run the application with this command:

## Tech Stack

- MongoDB
- Espress.js
- ReactJS
- Node.js
- React-styled-components

## Known issues

This project is still ongoing. There are some know issues